feat(content): Add Modals and TextInputs. (#29)
DisnakeDev/guide: guide/docs/interactions/modals.mdx

                style=TextInputStyle.paragraph,
            ),
        ]
        super().__init__(
            title="Create Tag",
            custom_id="create_tag",
            components=components,
        )

    # The callback received when the user input is completed.
    async def callback(self, inter: disnake.ModalInteraction):
        embed = disnake.Embed(title="Tag Creation")
        for key, value in inter.text_values.items():
            embed.add_field(
                name=key.capitalize(),
                value=value[:1024],
                inline=False,
            )
        await inter.response.send_message(embed=embed)

# The class of the cog. (Irrelevant)
class Modals(commands.Cog):
    def __init__(self, bot: commands.Bot):
        self.bot = bot

    @commands.slash_command()
    async def tags(self, inter: disnake.AppCmdInter):
        """Sends a Modal to create a tag."""
        await inter.response.send_modal(modal=MyModal())

# The cog setup function. (Irrelevant)
def setup(bot: commands.Bot):
    bot.add_cog(Modals(bot))
```

## Creating a modal

A modal can be created and sent using two different methods, just like other message components:

> -   Subclassing <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.Modal">disnake.ui.Modal</DocsLink> to define the components, and sending it through the `modal` attribute of <DocsLink reference="disnake.InteractionResponse.send_modal">interaction.send_modal</DocsLink> (as done in the example above).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Subclassing <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.Modal">disnake.ui.Modal</DocsLink> to define the components, and sending it through the `modal` parameter of <DocsLink reference="disnake.InteractionResponse.send_modal">interaction.send_modal</DocsLink> (as done in the example above).
```

:::

These attributes can be used while creating a modal, as follows.

```python title="modals.py"
# Subclassing the modal.
class MyModal(disnake.ui.Modal):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__(
            title="Modal Title",
            custom_id="modal_id",
            timeout=300,
            components=[...],
        )

# Using the lower-level interface. (inside a function)
await inter.response.send_modal(
    title="Modal Title",
    custom_id="modal_id",
    timeout=300,
    components=[...],
)
```

## `TextInput` components

`TextInput` is a component in itself, like buttons and select menus. It is responsible for receiving user input in the form of text, and cannot be used outside of modals. It has the following customizable attributes.

-   `label`: The label of the text input.
-   `custom_id`: An ID specified to the text input.
-   `style`: Utilizes one of <DocsLink reference="disnake.TextInputStyle" /> for the component.
-   `placeholder`: The placeholder text that is shown if nothing is entered.

> -   `value`: The pre-filled value of the text input (upto character limit).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `value`: The pre-filled value of the text input (up to `max_length`).
```

-   `required`: Whether the text input is required. Defaults to `True`.
-   `min_length` and `max_length`: Set the minimum and maximum length of the inputs respectively.

These attributes can be used per `TextInput` component, as follows.

```python title="textinput.py"
components = [
    disnake.ui.TextInput(
        label="Name",
        placeholder="Foo Tag",
        custom_id="name",
        style=TextInputStyle.short,
        max_length=50,
    ),
]
```

The <DocsLink reference="disnake.TextInputStyle" /> attribute currently has two styles, which have multiple aliases:

-   `short` - Represents a single-line text input component. Also called `single_line`.
-   `long` - Represents a multi-line text input component. Also called `multi_line` or `paragraph`.

## Modal coroutines

### <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.Modal.callback">`callback`</DocsLink>

### <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.Modal.on_error">`on_error`</DocsLink>

### <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.Modal.on_timeout">`on_timeout`</DocsLink>

## Modal notes

-   The <DocsLink reference="disnake.TextInputStyle" /> defaults to `short`, if not specified for the component.

> -   All <DocsLink reference="disnake.ui.TextInput">TextInput</DocsLink> components are required by default.

Reviewer: The latter is already mentioned above, and the former could be as well (see review)

Author: This list is supposed to be a summary of all the notes/limits, to act as a quick reference. So it'll list pointers from the rest of the section as well.

## Modal limits

> -   A modal can have a total of **5 components**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A modal can have a total of **5 action rows**.
```
Also already mentioned above, but having all the limits in a separate section as well is a nice idea.

and process that information.

This section goes in-depth on using modals with other interactive components, and responding to interactions with them.

## Modal preview

Here is an example of how a modal may look. We will go over modal construction in the next part of this article.

<br />
<p align="center">
	<img src={require('./images/modals-preview.png').default} alt="Modal preview" width="60%" />
</p>
<br />

Once the user inputs information into the modal, the bot will receive a callback that includes the values. As an example, this information has been portrayed in an embed below.

<br />
<DiscordMessages>
	<DiscordMessage author="Disnake Bot" avatar="/public/disnake-logo.png" bot="true">
		<DiscordEmbed embedTitle="Tag Creation" slot="embeds">
			<DiscordEmbedFields slot="fields">
				<DiscordEmbedField fieldTitle="Name">This is the tag's name.</DiscordEmbedField>
				<DiscordEmbedField fieldTitle="Description">
					This is the tag's description. It can be as long as 4000 characters.
				</DiscordEmbedField>
			</DiscordEmbedFields>
		</DiscordEmbed>
	</DiscordMessage>
</DiscordMessages>
<br />

> This was done using the following code, in the form of a cog.

Author: Already edited this, pushing soon.
